-I would like you to help me plan the actual project being built on this MERN stack. The cards app was a baseline to get our group an initial working step of the MERN stack flow and implementation.

-As you already saw the name for the app is called Band Hub. Band hub is an app where UCF students can plan for events in parking garages. Student bands and other student organizations (dance clubs, frat dance competition practice, etc) like to use sections of the parking garages late at night for practice. The idea for our app is to help organize this because right now there is no system for students to use. The main functionality/flow of the app is for the organization (band or club) to create an account for themselves and claim a section of the parking garage to keep usable areas organized.  We have several parking garages on campus each with 4 floors: garage A, B, C, D, H, and I. we think there could be a max of 2 groups per floor to keep everyone spaced out and provide room for sound to travel so they can be loud in their own space. 

-I also wish to use a separate repo linked here (https://github.com/Band-Hub-MERN/BandHub-Valut) to store an obsidian vault to keep our thoughts and ideas organized as well as you to help us develop the app and keep your memory strong. Additionally, we will have a 3rd repo in the github org that stores code for unit, integration, and end to end testing files which we will need to implement and use later on.

-For the obsidian vault, I have an attached a .md file that was previously made but we need to expand and edit before starting development. I want to define clear tasks for you to digest one at a time. Task 1 of this project was implementing all steps for the MERN stack guide provided by our professor. We have successfully completed that task now. Lets work on that first. 

-I want you to ask me app specific questions so that we can begin clear development such as UI themes, app flows, specific functionality, features, etc. Make no assumptions. The second task I know for sure that we need is to create a working Login and Registration system which sends the user to the home screen of the app. Another thing to add to the obsidian vault that you can fill in are definitions of a complete task and overall engineering guidelines. For example we need to be sure to test all features before they are pushed to main. I want all code in this project to be as modular as possible. For example if we have repeating UI pieces that look the same, reuse/call the same methods so that if we update a small part of that UI, it updates across all instances. Begin asking questions to prepare a complete obsidian vault now.